These licenses are for the pieces themselves, not this repo or the `scrape.sh`
script. I do not own these pieces.

The licenses are copied from
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Chess_klt45.svg. See that page for more
information.

==============================================================================

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections,
no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is
included in the section entitled GNU Free Documentation License.

----

w:en:Creative Commons
attribution share alike

This file is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0
Unported license.

You are free:
- to share – to copy, distribute and transmit the work
- to remix – to adapt the work

Under the following conditions:
- attribution – You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the
  license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable
  manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your
  use.
- share alike – If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must
  distribute your contributions under the same or compatible license as the
  original. This licensing tag was added to this file as part of the GFDL
  licensing update.

----

Copyright © The author

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of The author nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

----

This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or any later version. This work
is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but without any warranty;
without even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose. See version 2 and version 3 of the GNU General Public
License for more details.

----

You may select the license of your choice.
